okay so today we're going to make
generals chicken now I don't care how
you say it general toes so however just
I just call it generals chicken it's a
not a traditional Chinese dish there's
no doubt about that yeah you start
researching the history it's very cloudy
of where it came from
but it's definitely not Chinese in the
sense it did not come from mainland
China there's a lot of saying thinking
that it came from the US there's also
some claims that it came from Taiwan but
it's a very popular Chinese dish Chinese
/ whatever you want to call it dish and
I happen to like it it's one of them
even knowing that it's not real Chinese
I still love it occasionally watery but
it's hard to find a place that does it
right oh there's most of the buffet
places it really has no flavor it just
tastes sweet and there's really there's
nothing to it it's not done the way that
it should be done so anyway I'm going to
do it the way that I like to do it as
you can see I've got some chicken
breasts that I've cut up I prefer to use
thigh but breast does taste really good
done this way now I've got some sesame
seeds that I've lightly bruised up that
half a tablespoon oh by the way all the
ingredients and the amounts are going to
be listed under more info so if you look
under the box that you're watching the
video in and you're going to see some
information you'll see a little thing
that says more info you click that and
it will open up a new box and it will
show you all the ingredients in the
amounts so we're going to give this a
mix just kind of get it on the chicken
kind of spread it out a little bit
now this is going to be a deep-fried
dish not us not a stir-fried dish kind
of thinking about maybe some day trying
to stir-fry to just see how it turns out
kind of curious about that I'm going to
take a teaspoon of a Chinese cooking
wine maybe a little more if you don't
want to use alcohol you shoot some water
or chicken stock or something like that
it will taste slightly different but
chances are most people will not notice
a lot of people don't want to use
alcohol either they're feeding it to the
kids or they may have allergies or
whatever anyway one teaspoon of soy
sauce I've got a pinch of us you mix
this up we've got to kind of layer these
things in say in a sauce got to get
certain I'm putting certain ingredients
on in certain orders there we go
I've got a pinch of salt and a pinch of
white pepper if you want an amount
that's maybe eighth of a teaspoon of
each we're going to give this a mix
heavier I have two teaspoons of
cornstarch we're going to give this a
mix until we do not see any more white
specks and then we'll let this marinate
for 15 minutes to half an hour or
something like that while we make our
sauce and we do some other preparation
work okay so let's make our sauce I have
a quarter cup of chicken stock I have
one tablespoon of dark soy sauce now if
you don't have the dark it's okay you
can use just all regular because now I'm
going to put in one tablespoon of
regular soy sauce so if you don't have
the dark just use two tablespoons of
that I have half a tablespoon of the
Chinese cooking wine I have a half a
tablespoon of hoisin sauce now I've
started using this couch on hoisin sauce
I really like it it seems to be less
chemically flavored than the others
anyway I've got one teaspoon of black
vinegar 1 teaspoon of sugar one teaspoon
of sesame oil then I want to give us a
good start and set it to the side yeah
this is a few ingredients in here but we
can make everything ahead of time and
then it all comes together don't worry
ok few ingredients to talk about I've
got some dried red chili peppers here
I'm using 3 these are pretty spicy you
can use pretty much anything you want
you can leave them out completely but it
should have a little bit of that I have
about 2 teaspoons of chopped ginger
it's a coarsely chopped for garnish I've
got some sliced up green onion and some
sesame seeds I've got some flour for
dipping I'm using about a third of a cup
exactly how much it's not really that
important but a third of the cup is a
good starting point you can maybe can
get by with a quarter cup you may need a
half a cup you don't want to use too
much because you're dipping raw chicken
in it so when you get done you're going
I throw it away so anyway and here I
have one tablespoon of cornstarch one
tablespoon of water and we're going to
use this to thicken our sauce later
we're going to go ahead and mix it up
that way it's ready whenever we are so
what was almost up to temperature but
I'm not quite there we're going to start
doing we're going to start taking some
of these chicken pieces and give them a
light dusting of this flour kind of set
them to the side now when my oil gets
the temperature I'll be ready I can
start dropping them in alright oil
temperature is good and what I was
looking for is 350 degrees F we're going
to start putting our chicken in nice and
slow you don't want to crowd the pan
we'll work this in batches
what about two minutes in now I want to
put just a little bit more color on here
if these are floated up and is color it
up really good gotta listen to the sound
of what your oils doing but it could
start getting carried away we're smoking
turn the temperature down put some more
chicken in there if there if it's not
making any sizzling noise and you're not
brown probably too cold with your brown
and it stops making sizzling noise that
means moisture is not no longer coming
out and you're overdone
we'll take these out
clicking our next batch all right we're
getting the last little bit of our
chicken out of the hot oil
set this over to the side now turn my
burner down but I'll need it so hot the
next step I'm gonna do I'm going up to
four off most of this oil Specht I'm
going to pour it all off so I'm going to
wipe this pan out get rid of all them
little chicken bits and such I'll be
right back okay so I got my pan wiped
out I didn't worry about getting all out
just you know pretty good now the
chickens got some oil on we're going to
put just a little bit this oil back in
here turn back probably about to a
medium we're going to put our ginger and
chili peppers in here
seizing that oil up soften the ginger a
little bit
oh yeah smells good smell a ginger and
chili peppers and what I don't want to
burn the peppers
this will help soften the peppers up it
will put some heat into the oil get that
ginger flavor into the oil all right
we're getting just a little bit of color
on our ginger that's good I'm going to
stir our sauce up one more time and pour
that in and we're going to bring the
sauce up to a boil
all right that didn't take long sauce is
up to a boil now we're going to stir our
cornstarch and water mixture you have to
do that because the cornstarch will
start to settle out and we're going to
pour this in we're going to give it a
mix thicken our sauce I'm go ahead turn
this burner off I really don't need to
put any more heat in here there we go
now we're going to put our chicken in
here and we're going to toss the chicken
and we're done I'm gonna plate this up
and I'll be right back okay so he'll do
I'll put some sesame seeds on here put
some green onion on here okay so how
does it taste
hmm
the batter is nice and light it's not
hard the sauce is not sweet at all so if
you want it sweet add some more sugar
but this is really flavorful
yes damn Jax and welcome to the grill
iron join us as we drop in on the
tastiest tailgates you could ever sink
your teeth into our cross country food
adventure looks deep into a slow food
revolution we tracked the best culinary
trailblazers to step into our tastemade
kitchen at the Hyundai Fieldhouse and
redefine the art of tailgating while the
team's fight it out on the gridiron our
chefs turn up the heat on the grill iron
you